README.md, before:

# SearchAThing.Sci.Examples

Examples for SearchAThing.Sci

## Unit Tests

[Unit Tests](https://github.com/devel0/SearchAThing.UnitTest/blob/master/src/Sci.cs) are a good source for misc samples.

## Measure Unit
- [Example01](/src/Example01/Program.cs) : create a sci project with two measure object inside it and serialize then read back from deserialized data. Here measure serialized contains value and measure unit. Use this type of solution if want to keep track of the measure unit ( eg. user interface )
- [Example02](/src/Example02/Program.cs) : create a sci project with two measure object as double thus using a measure unit domain. Use this type of solution if want minimize file size ( eg. many data )

## Mesh2d, Voronoi, Convex hull
- [Example03](/src/Example03/Program.cs) : create a mesh2d given some input points
![img](https://github.com/devel0/SearchAThing.Sci/blob/master/doc/images/Mesh2D_example03.PNG)

## PythonWrapper
- [Example04](/src/Example04/Program.cs) : invoke python using PythonWrapper helper
Follow code
```csharp
static void Main(string[] args)
{
    Task.Run(async () =>
    {
        var src = @"import numpy as np
np.mgrid[0:5,0:5]";

        var python = new PythonWrapper();

        python.Start();

        python.Write(src);

        var res = await python.Read();

        Console.WriteLine($"Execution of [{src}] result in follow\r\n{res}");
    }).Wait();
}
```
produces this output:
```
Execution of [import numpy as np
np.mgrid[0:5,0:5]] result in follow
array([[[0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
        [1, 1, 1, 1, 1],
        [2, 2, 2, 2, 2],
        [3, 3, 3, 3, 3],
        [4, 4, 4, 4, 4]],

       [[0, 1, 2, 3, 4],
        [0, 1, 2, 3, 4],
        [0, 1, 2, 3, 4],
        [0, 1, 2, 3, 4],
        [0, 1, 2, 3, 4]]])
```

Python interpreter can be instantiated one time and used at runtime through a pipe resulting in an acceptable responsiveness despite the fact its a process redirection instead of an expected tight integration with the .NET.
A recycle method allow you to restart the process if you consider its internal memory growth too much.
Follow test results on speed:
```
First execution 00:00:00.2980056
Second execution 00:00:00.0014885
```

**Missing Features**
- parsing output data

Commit message:

example of use of DiscreteSpace

README.md, after:

# SearchAThing.Sci.Examples

Examples for SearchAThing.Sci

## Unit Tests

[Unit Tests](https://github.com/devel0/SearchAThing.UnitTest/blob/master/src/Sci.cs) are a good source for misc samples.

## Measure Unit
- [Example01](/src/Example01/Program.cs) : create a sci project with two measure object inside it and serialize then read back from deserialized data. Here measure serialized contains value and measure unit. Use this type of solution if want to keep track of the measure unit ( eg. user interface )
- [Example02](/src/Example02/Program.cs) : create a sci project with two measure object as double thus using a measure unit domain. Use this type of solution if want minimize file size ( eg. many data )

## Mesh2d, Voronoi, Convex hull
- [Example03](/src/Example03/Program.cs) : create a mesh2d given some input points
![img](/doc/Example03.png)

## PythonWrapper
- [Example04](/src/Example04/Program.cs) : invoke python using PythonWrapper helper
Follow code
```csharp
static void Main(string[] args)
{
    Task.Run(async () =>
    {
        var src = @"import numpy as np
np.mgrid[0:5,0:5]";

        var python = new PythonWrapper();

        python.Start();

        python.Write(src);

        var res = await python.Read();

        Console.WriteLine($"Execution of [{src}] result in follow\r\n{res}");
    }).Wait();
}
```
produces this output:
```
Execution of [import numpy as np
np.mgrid[0:5,0:5]] result in follow
array([[[0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
        [1, 1, 1, 1, 1],
        [2, 2, 2, 2, 2],
        [3, 3, 3, 3, 3],
        [4, 4, 4, 4, 4]],

       [[0, 1, 2, 3, 4],
        [0, 1, 2, 3, 4],
        [0, 1, 2, 3, 4],
        [0, 1, 2, 3, 4],
        [0, 1, 2, 3, 4]]])
```

Python interpreter can be instantiated one time and used at runtime through a pipe resulting in an acceptable responsiveness despite the fact its a process redirection instead of an expected tight integration with the .NET.
A recycle method allow you to restart the process if you consider its internal memory growth too much.
Follow test results on speed:
```
First execution 00:00:00.2980056
Second execution 00:00:00.0014885
```

**Missing Features**
- parsing output data

## Discrete space
- [Example05](/src/Example05/Program.cs) : create a sample space and query for items in it
![img](/doc/Example05_01.png)
![img](/doc/Example05_02.png)
![img](/doc/Example05_03.png)
